added guidance for applying CMK encryption to existing PVCs/applying cross account CMK encryption (#180)
MicrosoftDocs/azure-aks-docs: articles/aks/azure-disk-customer-managed-keys.md

Replace *myKeyVaultName* with the name of your key vault. You also need a *key* stored in Azure Key Vault to complete the following steps. Either store your existing Key in the Key Vault you created on the previous steps, or [generate a new key][key-vault-generate] and replace *myKeyName* with the name of your key.

> [!NOTE]

> > For cross-account access support for customer-managed encryption keys, you will need to create the DiskEncryptionSet for cross-tenant customer-managed keys as detailed in [this guide](/azure/virtual-machines/disks-cross-tenant-customer-managed-keys?tabs=azure-cli#create-a-disk-encryption-set). The remaining storage class configuration is the same as normal customer managed keys.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> For cross-account access support for customer-managed encryption keys, you need to create the DiskEncryptionSet for cross-tenant customer-managed keys as detailed in [this guide](/azure/virtual-machines/disks-cross-tenant-customer-managed-keys?tabs=azure-cli#create-a-disk-encryption-set). The remaining storage class configuration is the same as normal customer managed keys.
```

az aks nodepool add --cluster-name $CLUSTER_NAME --resource-group $RG_NAME --name $NODEPOOL_NAME --node-osdisk-type Ephemeral
```

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > The DiskEncryptionSet we previously applied to the storage class will only encrypt new PVCs. Encrypting existing PVCs will require first detaching before using the Azure Disks API/CLI to update the underlying disks, as shown in [this related guide](/azure/virtual-machines/linux/disks-enable-customer-managed-keys-cli#encrypt-existing-managed-disks).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The DiskEncryptionSet we previously applied to the storage class only encrypts new PVCs. Encrypting existing PVCs requires detaching first before using the Azure Disks API/CLI to update the underlying disks, as shown in [this related guide](/azure/virtual-machines/linux/disks-enable-customer-managed-keys-cli#encrypt-existing-managed-disks).
```
